Add one-liner info about components of KubeFlow to docs (#4055)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/model-registry/_index.md

+++
title = "Model Registry"

> description = "Central Index for Indexing and Managing ML Models"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Repository for storing and versioning ML models and metadata"
```

> description = "Central Index for Indexing and Managing ML Models"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description = "Single pane of glass to index and manage Models and ML artifacts metadata"
```
